# 10.0.0.0.1
project for 10.0.0.0.1 special ip address.  Its also rather difficult to navigate through lots of files (such as a large music collection). Though the menu does allow you to sort by artist, genre or album title (with the information pulled from the ID3 tags of the files), it only displays nine at a time, and with the slow response time, scrolling through a long list can be a tedious business. There is a search function, but entering text is awkward on the remote control and the text is so small on the screen that you can barely read what you are entering.
## 10.0.0.1
Both the <a rel="me" href="https://10-0-0-1.net/10.0.0.0.1-xfinity-comcast-ip-address.php"> xfinity wireless router faq</a> print server and wireless router features of the WMG120 worked well: the router supports all of the usual standards and connection methods (including PPoE and DHCP) as well as supporting both WEP and WPA wireless encryption. It also supports the usual port filtering, MAC filtering and VPN passthrough features and has four 10/100 Ethernet ports. The print server worked without issues with a selection of printers. Theres also a second USB port, which can be used for a second printer or to attach a USB thumb drive or external hard drive, and you can use the storage on the Gateway to share any type of data files among computers on the network, a really nice bonus.

The bottom line is that while the Gateway and Adapter perform an impressive array of useful functions, it ultimately fails to impress due to interface issues and limitations on the types of files it can play back. If all you want is to stream audio, there are cheaper solutions (such as the Apple AirPort Express, which can also act as a router and a wireless print server). And if you want to stream all types of media, for just a few hundred dollars more, you could get a Windows Media Center PC and wireless Media Center Extender that can also record live TV.
